Fix or replace references to PEP 427 (#1229)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/glossary.rst

    Wheel

>         A :term:`Built Distribution` format introduced by an official
>         `standard specification
>         <https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/specifications/binary-distribution-format/>`_,

Reviewer: Maybe the following:

```suggestion
        A :term:`Built Distribution` format introduced by an official
        :doc:`standard specification <specifications/binary-distribution-format>`,
```
